Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the store screen and also we are going to be able to retrieve
our seller's store.
Okay, not to do this, we have to head back to our VTS code and then the views directory.
And now we are going to create a new Fae and we're going to call this Fae star on the score screen.
Then the dots.
And what we can do is we can use control and B to make this wide and we can go with the stateless widget
and we're going to call this store store screen.
And over here we need to alight and use control dots in order to impart the material to that package.
And we can get rid of this OC in order to have access to a lot of property.
What we can then do is to get rid of this container and we're going to use a scaffold with that scaffold.
And as you know, the scaffold has a property known as harbour and harbour.
And the harbour has a property known as title, and it's going to be a test widget which is just going
to say Store how you train a camera and use control and has to save.
And back to the sailor home.
And we are going to get rid of this center of air and then we can call the store screen.
Okay.
And now we need an auto restart.
Work is going to take some time to restart and then we have to re log in again and hopefully everything
is going to work as expected.
Okay.
Back to the seller Logan Screen.
And.
Famous.
T.M. Gmail.
It's called password.
Why?
Okay.
It's going to take us to the cellar screen.
And I think we call the shop.
You can just rename that store.
Okay.
And back to the store screen.
And as you know, the harbor has a property known as background color.
And we're going to say this to whites and we can't longer see this test anymore because you can see
it has a default color of whites.
Okay.
So what we can then do is we can add this tie to this and test STI.
First, we could change the color to say colors the black.
And also we can increase the font size to, say, 24.
And now we can get rid of this elevation.
We have to do that.
The harbour has a property known as elevation and we can set it to zero.
And what we can also do is to take this test to the middle.
To do that within the harbour.
It has a property known as ST 82.
And all we just have to say is to set it to true.
Okay.
And now we're going to retrieve our store to do that within the body, within the scaffold.
It has a property known as body.
And for the body, we are just going to go ahead and say string builder.
This time around, we are not going to copy the code, but we are going to write it from scratch.
Distributor And it is also a type of query, query snapshot.
And over here the first property distributor has is a property known as stream.
The stream is basically referring to the source of the data.
Now what we can do is over here, we can create a final variable and we're just going to go ahead and
specify it is a type of firebase faster and we can call this variable on the score faster.
It's going to be equal to Firebase faster dot instance.
Great.
And we can then call that variable on the score faster and we have to assess the collection.
And the name of the collection is called Seller's.
You can see the why.
And what we then have to say is don't get sorry.
We are using a distributor and this is going to be the snapshot.
And remember, the reason we are using this distributor is because we want all our data to display real
time.
If you don't want your data to display every time, you can then use a future beta and instead of snapshots,
iOS is going to be dots gets OC for future reader.
Another property the stream beta has is the beta and the first.
Property is contest and also a property known as async.
A sink.
Snap shut.
Snapshot.
Okay, great.
It is also a type of query.
There is a snap shot.
And now we can call this.
I think you've seen all this before.
We can call this rainbow snap shot.
Great.
Make sure you don't have any spit and the spelling mistake has you.
You're going to get a read on the line in this.
Make sure your spelling is correct.
Okay.
And now what we have to do first is to have a check.
So over here, we can say if.
You Snapchat.
Snapshot.
Snap shots that people buy there.
That has data.
If it has data, then what we want to do is to return.
Is the return a great view.
Great view.
Review two either oc ls oc.
LS.
If it does not have data, we don't really need it.
If this does not run, then this is going to run.
If we do not have data, we want to return a sensor.
A child.
Then a test which is just going to say no stars.
And we need that.
Okay.
Now, the first property of the grid grid view, the beta is the grid delegates.
And this is silver.
I think you see something similar like this silver grid.
Grilled.
Delegates which fields, crosses, counts.
This is it.
And the first property it has is the cross as camps, which has to do with how many products, sorry,
how many stores we need horizontally for this.
We are going to say we need just two.
That is, we want to have one store.
Right.
And one store.
Okay.
It also has a property known as cross access spacing, which has to do with the space we need horizontally,
that is from left to right, and we can say we need 25 space.
And also it has the main spacing which has to do with the space we need horizontally.
So vertically that is from top to bottom.
Okay.
And we can also say 25.
Is contrary and safe.
Sorry, we can't save this file because we have some errors.
And for the better.
The bidder will hold a stake in the contest and also the index, which has to do with each item we have.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can return a column because basically we are going to have the store image and also the store
name and both of them are going to be displayed vertically.
Okay, children.
And the first side.
So I think we need this most of the time.
We just have to hover to see what you're missing.
Okay.
The first site is going to be a size box or a container.
And the reason for this is we want to give this image a height.
A height and width for the eyes.
We are going to say 120 and for the width it's going to be 120 as well.
And now we can have the child and the child is going to be Image Network.
And you can see they're asking for the source.
For the source.
It's going to be this variable snapshot.
Remember, you can see that variable as a variable that has access to all the details we have in our
cloud store database.
This is going to be snapshot.
These are dot talks and we want to assess each item.
And the name of the item is Image.
Or so image, or probably you could have renamed yours to store image.
And over here, we need the north check.
Okay.
And you're trying to cover.
And before we see this grid view, the builder has a very important property known as item counts.
For the item counts is going to be snapshot the data the dogs.
The docks and the land.
This is going to give us our meanest store we have.
Okay.
Now use control.
And that's to save and hopefully no errors.
If we do not have any store, we then want to return those stores.
Okay.
We have a store, but we do not have.
I think.
Okay, you can see the grades.
One, two, three, four, five.
Right.
Okay.
One, two, two, four, five.
One, two, two, four, five, six.
Cool.
Okay.
And now we can add the cover.
How they transfer is controlled necessary, and we can then have a test with that.
So get rid of that.
There's going to be snapshot.
The data, the dogs assess each item by their index.
And we want to assess the I think we call this what store name.
Store name.
Make sure you don't have any spelling mistake as you're going to get the bastards error.
Okay.
And this this is controlling this to save.
Great.
In Kansai this.
STI.
Test.
Okay.
We can increase the font size.
So maybe 22 and fans wait.
Funds, which the board and his friends say.
Okay.
Cisco.
Oh, man.
I think that's way too much.
I think.
Okay.
And maybe we could say that to.
Not to.
Uppercase C.
Two uppercase.
The sea is going to look like.
Okay.
So not that they can just get rid of that.
And this is basically it.
Okay.
And back.
You can just go with that for now.
And what we can also do.
We can wrap this with a container in order to halve the border radius.
But if we use a container for this, we have to pass in the declaration box, declaration and so on.
Right.
So what we can just do a light and we are going to wrap this with the clip.
Clip.
Rex.
Clip Rex.
I can't speak that properly.
Please give me.
Och!
Wrecked OC.
Right.
I'm just going to do this one more time clip.
IRA rat.
Okay.
And now it has it.
But every year we can then see.
But every year.
That's secular and we need 15 others and use control and that's to save.
To give some scope, self scope.
Yeah.
Looking nice.
Okay.
Sorry.
And maybe we could also give this test a color to see how it's going to look like.
Most of the time, we just have to test this out.
The design.
Okay.
I don't think this is okay.
Get rid of it.
And this is basically it.
Well, most of the time you would want to put your store is going to go with that.
Most of the time, this should not be you bought your store image, right?
Because the seller is basically referring to the user who is going to be posting product or the stores.
We are the product is going to be coming from.
So most of the time this the store should be the your store logo or.
Or maybe your store --.
That is what you should upload and not you.
Okay.
I think that collar looks weird.
I'm just going to get rid of it, and hopefully you understand everything.
If you don't, you can do to let me know.
I'm fully available to support you.
Okay.
What we are basically doing, we are using a distributor.
We could also have used a future beta, but we basically want our data, all our stores to be displayed
real time.
So for this, we have to use a distributor.
Right.
Okay.
And it is also a type of query snapshot when dealing with multiple data.
It is referred to as query snapshot.
And over here it has a property known as stream, which is basically referring to the source of the
data.
And what we basically did was to create a variable to store the files or Firebase Store database.
Right.
Okay.
And we want to assess the seller's collection and we are seeing those snapshots.
Right.
Okay.
And it also has the builder property.
And the builder will always take in the context and also the async snapshots, which is also a type
of query snapshot.
And the name of the variable is snapshot, this snapshot variable.
You can see it as a container or a box that basically has access to all the data as we have over here.
Right.
And what we are basically saying is if snapshot that has data, if it has data, then in order to display
our products in a very neat manner, we are basically returning a grid view that beta.
And the first bit over here is to tell how many stores or how many stores or how many data we have in
the database by saying item counts.
And you can see we are using the snapshot, the data dot, dot, dot length to get how many items we
have.
And it also has the grid delegates, which basically refers to how we want to display that item.
And you can see why we are having this cross assist count, which has to do with how our data are going
to be displayed horizontally.
And you can see why we said to you could also have set theory that is going to be displayed 1 to 3.
Okay.
And also it has this cross axis spacing, which has to do with the space we need horizontally, right.
That is from left to right.
It also has this property known as mean as the spacing, which has to do with the space we need vertically
that is from top to bottom.
And also it has the property known as item builder, which has to do with how we want to display the
item in general.
And we are basically returning a column.
And the reason for this column is because we have an image area and we have it says buy.
Right.
Okay.
And we basically want to display both of those vertically.
So what we can also do, we can wrap this with the padding.
And you can try and save to give some.
Some stress speaks.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
Or we can just go with ten.
And this is basically it's not fully understand why.
If you don't, you can let me know.
Okay, guys, see you at the next lecture.